---
type: note
entity_key: c-127640821
date: 2025-06-20
summary: "Working on Quantum Computers at the moment. In April 2024 I wrote a piece about IONQ (that stirred their legal team to contact me) I said they did not have the technology to scale their machine or cor"
---

# Note -- June 20, 2025

Working on Quantum Computers at the moment. In April 2024 I wrote a piece about IONQ (that stirred their legal team to contact me) I said they did not have the technology to scale their machine or correct its errors and their path was a dead end. I maintain that view and think I was right. However, since then they have bought companies with expertise and technolgoy in scaling and error correction and IONQ now say using this new technology they will be able to produce a scaled error corrected quantum computer. The new CEO does not exagerate like the previous one so I am inclined to do another deeper dive to check it out. The big problem for IONQ is now IBM. In a recent interview the head of quantum research said “we stand by what we have said, IBM will deliver a fault tolerant large scale quantum computer to its customers in 2029”. IBM have started building the facility to house this machine: it has a new architecture, not yet fully developed, but on error correction they may have cracked that completely. The so called Gross Code (called that because it links together in groups of 12) appears to be a significant improvement on the original Surface Code. The problem with Surface Code is that the number of qubits required to check errors grows exponentially as the size of the machine increases, Gross Code appears to work the other way. So a 20 qubit machine might need 10 checking qubits per active qubit but a 200 qubit machine might only need 7 checking qubits per active qubit. It is the opposite growth rate of Surface Code. If IBM delivers on its promise it is hard to see a reason for IONQ or the other smaller players.


---

*Source: [Strategic Wave Trading Notes](https://stephentobin.substack.com)*
