---
type: note
entity_key: c-95792898
date: 2025-02-24
summary: "Investing in emerging technology is a learning process; they are new technologies, so you cannot expect to know about them; otherwise, they will not be emerging.   I recently published an article abou"
---

# Note -- February 24, 2025

Investing in emerging technology is a learning process; they are new technologies, so you cannot expect to know about them; otherwise, they will not be emerging. 

I recently published an article about Microsoft's quantum computing initiatives on the SeekingAlpha platform. Microsoft are miles ahad of the competition, they will be first and probably have the only tech capable of producing the million error free qubits needed. I have been saying this for more than a year but few people are listening.

During my research I read all the recently published relevant papers and while reading one from Google on their quantum simulation work, I came across a section by a Google engineer talking about a “quantum imperative”. 

The engineer suggested that developing a working quantum computer is a matter of time; eventually, she said, one of these technologies will work, and the long-promised quantum computer will arrive. At that point, current internet security will fail, a large-scale, error-free quantum computer will likely be able to crack current cryptography protocols easily. The engineer suggested that this was the reason some state supported hackers were stealing encrypted data now, knowing that in the future, they would be able to decrypt it!

Her point was that companies and organizations need to be quantum secure now, or their stolen data will be cracked in the future.

I have been looking into companies operating in this space and have found the first exciting opportunity of 2025!!! 

I am working on the final due diligence today, will be building the mathematical model for the rest of the week, and hopefully, will have a real investment candidate. I don't know if I can buy immediately or if we need to see more technical validation. I have also not yet looked at the finances, so it is not a slam dunk yet.

Either way, the research will be sent to subscribers early next week, perhaps as a strong buy or a company take if we need to see something else before spending any cash.


---

*Source: [Strategic Wave Trading Notes](https://stephentobin.substack.com)*
