---
type: note
entity_key: c-93455230
date: 2025-02-14
summary: "Electrovaya (ELVA) released Q1 2025 earnings. We have been long ELVA since November 2024 and we added in December 2024. The total position is showing a +5% return.   The earnings call was very positiv"
---

# Note -- February 14, 2025

Electrovaya (ELVA) released Q1 2025 earnings. We have been long ELVA since November 2024 and we added in December 2024. The total position is showing a +5% return. 

The earnings call was very positive in particular ELVA has brought forward operations at the New York site by 6 months and they will now begin in April this year. It had been a concern, ELVA is a Canadian company selling batteries in the US. 

My model correctly forecast revenue for 2024 at $45 million but margin improved significantly and Gross Profit came in at $14 million above my forecast of $10.

2025 is off to a reasonable start, Q1 revenue and profit was a little lower than expected but Q1 is difficult for ELVA as its largest customers have planned close downs and it affects delivery timings. 

Management reported increased demand from existing customers and have guided to $60 million as a minimum revenue above my prediction of $56 million and margins are forecast to improve again.

The increase appears to be a reflection of the decision of end users to re-power their existing sites with Electrovaya batteries, not just to use them on new build sites.

The first shipments to Japan will take place this quarter and expectations of a further Japanese construction OEM signing was highlighted. Management said increased OEM interest was being generated by the poor performance of competitor batteries forcing OEMs to look elsewhere.

This is all very positive, I will wait for Q2 results before changing the model but at the moment it looks like the target price will go up with increased revenue and margins. Actions taken to speed up US manufacturing reduce some risks as does the addition of new OEM customers. If the High Voltage battery starts to gain traction we could see a significant increase in 2026 forecast revenue. I will be looking closely for hints at this during the year. Fortunately I have a good relationship with the IR department at Electrovaya and have had several discussions with them and one with the CEO. I will look to do an in depth review, and perhaps increase the position, after Q2 earnings.


---

*Source: [Strategic Wave Trading Notes](https://stephentobin.substack.com)*
