---
type: note
entity_key: c-226308914
date: 2026-03-11
summary: "Psychedelic drugs are an emerging technology with huge potential. I already have two full positions and continue to monitor the market to ensure I am backing the right horses, so far everything seems "
---

# Note -- March 11, 2026

Psychedelic drugs are an emerging technology with huge potential. I already have two full positions and continue to monitor the market to ensure I am backing the right horses, so far everything seems to be playing out according to plan. In the last few days some dodgy results have been published along with another stellar result for psilocybin.

Helus (Cybin formerly) reported phase 2 results for its generalised anxiety drug that were poor. They tested a 20mg dose against a 2mg one showing little difference between the two at 6 weeks. Helus headlined the report with a misleading statistic that suggested a 67% response rate but that was the pooled results from both arms and they used placebo results from unrelated studies to justify this claim. The problem was compounded by the adverse effect report with 44% of the 20mg cohort reporting hallucinations v 9% in the 2mg group. The result led to a 25% drop in share prices as the market quickly picked up on what is really a miss calling the drugs future into question.

AtaiBeckley also released questionable data on its social anxiety disorder offering. The drug met its safety end goal but efficacy was put into question, indeed the results proved less effective than current standard of care SSRI drugs. The company maintained that 2 doses of its MDMA over 6 weeks was almost as good as 12 weeks on standard of care but considering the cost of administering MDMA this is likely another major failure. Future plans for the drug are unclear. AtaiBeckley did report a positive meeting with the FDA following its phase 2 results for its lead candidate in treatment resistant depression and is currently designing its phase 3 trial.

Psilocybin received another positive result this time in smoking cessation. Johnson released results of a randomised trial testing a single dose of psilocybin against nicotine patches. Both arms received the same cognitive therapy and at the 6 month follow up 41% of the psilocybin arm had “prolonged abstinence” against 10% in the nicotine patch arm. Abstinence was checked with urine and breath tests. The level of detail in the report was exemplary with a thorough data dump accompanying the report.

The transparency from Johnson was in stark contrast to the release from Transcend Therapeutics phase 2 study in PTSD, they used “Epstein Style” black boxes to redact much of the clinical study protocols including end of session measures making it impossible to verify or dispute any claims.


---

*Source: [Strategic Wave Trading Notes](https://stephentobin.substack.com)*
